- Okaaay, now tell me
what you think
of this artwork
for our new game.
- Artwork for our new game!
Let's see it.
- Okay...
Unicorn on the Cob.
- Okay.
The design's cool, but...
I think our game
needs a better name.
- Dude, it's a game
about corn on the cob
and a unicorn.
What name could be better
than "Unicorn on the Cob?"
- How 'bout...
"Melvin's Magic Niblets."
- Oh c'mon.
"Melvin's Magic Niblets?"
- Yeah!
The unicorn's name is Melvin.
- Mnugh...
- And "niblets"
is a funny word for corn.
- Whatever dude, it's still
nowhere near as good
as Unicorn on the Cob.
- Well, that's just
your opinion.
And y'know, you're not
always right, little girl.
- I know... that's why
Kenzie and I've been thinkin'
about hiring some focus groups.
- What are focus groups?
- Y'know, people
that you bring in
to test your game
and then they tell you,
what's good and bad about it.
- But... But that's whatcha got
me and Hudson for.
- Well, I'm glad I got
you guys for somethin'.
- Yo Hudson!
What do you think
about callin' our new game:
Melvin's Magic Niblets?
- I'm sorry, what?
- Hudson...
what are you eating?!?
- Sour cream.
- Well, y'know, we have spoons.
- I got five spoons, right here.
- That's nice.
Oh hey, in case I forget...
- Yeah?
- Remind me not
to smell your hand.
- Hi. I can't talk.
I need soap.
Where's the anti-bacterial soap?
Move!
- Uhhh... Why are you
washing your hands
like you just finished a murder?
- I'm washing my hands
because I made
the terrible mistake
of using the restroom
in the subway.
- Ewww, noooo!
- Awww!
- Dude! Everybody knows
you don't use public
bathrooms in New York!
- Especially in the subway...
Oh God, especially
in the subway.
- Ugh...
- Yeah. do you know what kinda
freaks and weirdos
use those bathrooms?
- Well, you know,
you should have used that app.
- What app?
- Air TnP.
- Yeah, Air TnP.
- Uh-huh, Air TnP.
- What's Air TnP?
- Look. See...
People all over New York
put their bathrooms on here,
then you just tap,
and it finds the closest one
to where you are.
- Yeah, and then you
just pay a small fee
to use a nice, clean bathroom.
- Ahehehehe...
A pee fee.
- Heyyy...
y'know how you were sayin'
we should hire
some focus groups,
to give us their opinion
on our games?
- Yeah?
- Well...
we could put our bathroom
on Air TnP,
and then, when people come
here to use it...
- We kidnap 'em!
- Orrrrr...
- Or, we give 'em Pear Pads,
let 'em test our games,
then they give us
their feedback.
- Yeah!
And Game Shakers makes
a little extra cash-sheesh,
rentin' out our bathroom.
- Ohhh-kaaaay.
But don't be surprised
when a bunch of crazy
New York weirdos
start showing up here.
- Ahahaha...
Attention everybody!
- Hey Dad, what's up?
- What's up?
Hey Bunny, tell 'em what's up!
- Okay.
Everybody...
Dub's new album
just hit number one!
- What, no way!
- That's amazing!
- Shut up, for real?!?
- That's right!
Everybody loves my new album!
I'm the best!
Uhhh... huh,
not everybody loves
your new album.
- Wait, what...
What are you sayin'?
- I'm lookin' online
at comments from people,
and some aren't so nice.
- Oh...
Oh really?
Well, why don't you just
read me some a'them comments.
- Wait.
Nah-nah-nah-nah...
don't read him any mean
comments about his new album.
- Well why not?
I can handle a little criticism.
- Okay...
Here, this one says...
"Double G's new album
is the perfect thing to get..."
- A'ho!
All right, that's cool.
- "...for someone you hate."
- Ewmmm...
No, no. It's okay.
It's okay.
Read me another one.
- Okay..."Last night,
my little brother
was up all night, vomiting."
- And, and?
- "His vomiting
sounded way better
than Double G's new album."
- All right.
Well, c-can I see that?
I just want to see it
a little closer
to make sure
that everything's... ahhhh!!!
- Whoops!
- It really hurts me to witness
violence against technology.
- I told you he can't
take criticism.
- Yes I can!
Just not from a buncha
nasty little internet cowards...
typin' and tappin' all
their lil' sassy comments,
"I don't like this
and I don't like that."
Na na na na...
- Okay, why don't you just admit
that you can't take criticism?
- 'Cuz I can...
And I'll prove it!
- Alright, "Anybody who
doesn't like my new album...
meet me at Double
Money Records...
tomorrow at 6 PM...
and I'll be happy
to listen to any criticism
that you have."
- Uh-uh Dub,
don't you post that!
- Too late!
Already posted.
- Ah geez.
- Ohhh man.
- No no Dub, whyyy?
- Oh, hey...
don't smell my hand.
- Huh?
- You said to remind you.
♪ Now let me see
the club go off ♪
♪ When I step on the mic
♪ Game Shakers in the spot
♪ And it's popping tonight
♪ You know the whole
squad filthy ♪
♪ Yeah, we papered up
♪ So when you hear
that beat bang ♪
♪ You better drop dat what
♪ Drop dat
♪ Let the bass get low
♪ And make the whole club go
♪ Drop dat
♪ Cuz I can't get enough
when you ♪
♪ Drop dat
♪ But you better pick it up
- Sooo...
here's our unicorn...
- Aaannnd...
here's the corn on the cob.
- Corn's too small.
- What... No it's not.
- C'mon.
This is America.
- Uh, hi...
excuse me...
is this...
Game Shakers?
- Uh, yeah.
Can we help you?
- I hope so.
I found this place on Air TnP.
- Oh really?
- You did?
- Yeah yeah.
Where's the bathroom?
- Oh! Um, it is right back...
- I'll find it!!!
- Hi! And thank you
for using
the Game Shakers bathroom
while playing our new game.
I'll take your Pear Pad.
- Aw man, a line!
- Just wait there, please.
So, how was your experience?
- Uh, it was cool.
Good toilet.
- No. I meant our game,
Unicorn on the Cob.
- Ohhh.
Really fun game.
- "Really fun game."
And any specific comments?
- Uh, yeah.
The corn on the cob
was too small.
- Interesting.
- Hey, can I please go in?!?
- No!
You. Tan jacket.
Get in there
and do your business.
- All right.
- Welcome to
the Game Shakers bathroom.
- Uhhh o-okay.
- Would you like to enhance
your restroom experience?
- Well... The girl
out there told me
I should play this game,
Unicorn on the Cob.
- Right, that's true.
But we also have...
cologne...
antiperspirant...
tweezers...
Dub Wipes...
and... cups of salad.
- No thanks.
I just need to...
y'know.
- I hear ya.
Go for it.
- Are you gonna leave?
- Oh... No.
I'll be right here,
in case you need something.
- But... I uhhh...
- Noooo worries.
I'm very discreet.
- Hey Dub!
- Hmm?
These burgers and dogs'll
be ready in a few minutes!
- Ah cool, cool.
- Listen, Dad.
Your album is a huge hit.
- Ahhh...
Yeah, I know that.
- Then why do you
wanna bring strangers in here,
from the internet,
to throw shade on it...
- 'Cuz!
I wanna prove to you,
and everybody else,
that these internet butt-chumps
don't have the ding-dongs
to criticize
my album to my face.
- But, I mean, if you think
about it your album's...
- Ruthless!
Tell Bunny to bring in
the first butt-chump.
- Yo Bunny!
- Aw. This won't go well.
- Ooh, look at this.
- Double G, this is Garbin.
- Well, Garbin...
Nice of you to stop by.
- Yeah okay.
- Run Garbin.
- Don't pay attention to Trip,
he has emotional problems.
- Dad! I do not
have emotional...
- Hey! Hey!
Now Garbin...
I hear you went online
and wrote some "unkind words"
about my new album.
- Yeah man.
- Well, now that you're not
hidin' behind your keyboard...
why don't you tell me,
to my face,
the "issues" you have
with my new album.
- Sure.
It's suckish.
- That's all!!!
- Run Garbin, Run!
- Don't look back!
- I warned you!
- You have to survive!
- Oh my gosh, I mean it...
I really loved your game.
- Cool.
And did you have some salad?
- Oh yeah!
It was all just
a fantastic bathroom experience.
- Oh, you're sweet.
I'll take the Pear Pad.
- Thank you.
- What a nice, classy lady.
- Yeah. So, how many people
used our bathroom today?
- Uhhhmmm... 57...
and they all gave us really good
feedback on our game.
- Cool, so what's next?
- I just gotta
plug in these Pear Pads
that our Air TnP customers used,
and download their
dynamic variable analytics.
- As long as you
know what that means.
- Whoa whoa what what...
- What's wrong?
- No way, no way...
- What happened?!?
- I think that one
of our Air TnP customers
uploaded a virus
on to our Pear Pad!
- Oh come on.
- I'm serious!
You see that red code?
That's a virus, and...
Uh-oh...
- What-oh?
- I... I can't
get into our game.
I'm locked out.
- Wait, so you're
saying that we've been...
- Sabotaged!
- Oh my g... Oh my God!
Somebody's trying
to kill our game.
- I knew it.
I knew this Air TnP thing
was a bad idea.
Come on!
We gotta shut it down right now.
- No no no no no no no no...
We gotta keep it going.
- But we've been hacked!
- Yeah, we know that
but whoever sabotaged us
doesn't know.
- So?
- Sooo, if we put up a post
saying that everything's fine,
I guarantee you
that whoever sabotaged our game
will come back and try again.
- Ooo.
So, we're setting a trap.
- Uh-huh.
- Good.
Cuz I like traps.
- How! Dare! You!
Criti! Size!
My! Album!
- Dad, get off of him!
- Hey! Hey!
Wait a minute son.
Daddy's busy.
People! Are!
Talkin'! Grammy!
- Hey! Hey! Hey!
Will you pull my dad
off a'that rabbi?!?
- I can't! Dub told me
to cook these burgers!
- D'awwww!
BUNNY!!!
Bunny, help!
- Dang it!
- I'm really sorry
about that, Rabbi Moyl.
- It's all right.
I forgive Double G.
- Ahhhh...
He doesn't know squat about rap!
- Well, I do know that...
YOUR ALBUM IS DREK!
- Hey!
- Let me at him!
- Burgers are done!!!
- Ooo, burgers.
- Let's eat.
- No. No. You're makin'
the corn too small.
- Well the corn cob can't
be bigger than the unicorn.
- Says who?
- I don't know.
Says the laws of animals
and vegetables.
- Uh, hi... I found
this place on Air TnP?
- Uh yeah... the bathroom's
back through there.
- Cool, thanks.
- I bet he's the hacker.
Did you see
how jittery he looked?
- Well, he came here
'cuz he's desperate
for a bathroom.
- Yeah, I still think
he might be the guy.
- Well, don't worry...
'Cuz I installed an alarm
on every Pear Pad
that our bathroom
customers are using.
- We have an alarm?
- Yeah.
If anybody tries
to upload anything,
we'll hear a loud alert sound.
- What, you mean like that?
- Uh-huh...
So just stop worrying
so much about every...
- Alarm!!!
- Ah!!
- Let me out!
- Hey! What happened?!?
- Who's in our bathroom?!?
- I don't know!
- How can you not know?!?
- Sorry! I was busy
making that guy a salad!
- All right...
Let's just open the door,
and then all three
of us'll jump him!
- What? No!
- We're not prepared for this.
- All right, uh...
we need a weapon.
- But... Ooo!
- Okay, why do you have
a stick with nails
in your purse?
- My mom makes me
take it with me
when I ride the subway alone.
- Uh, I don't know
how much longer
I can hold this!
- Yeah, neither do I.
- All right, ready?!?
- One... Two... three!
- Ahhh!!!
- Okay, what's goin' on,
he's really cute.
- Okay, you tell us why
you were in our bathroom,
and what you were
uploading to our Pear Pad!
- Yeah, and tell us
if you have a girlfriend!
- Why do we need to know that?
- I'm curious!
- Uh, is that a stick
with nails in it?
- Sure is!
And you better start talkin'
unless you want
a free colonoscopy.
- Whoa kid.
- Geezers.
- Alright,
I'm gettin' outta here.
- Ahhh-ahhh-ahhh!
- Geez!
Why are you guys hasslin' me?!?
- 'Cuz, somebody was in
that bathroom the other day,
with our Pear Pad,
and they uploaded a virus.
- And it was you!
- Pffft. You guys can't
prove I uploaded anything.
- We can too!
Can we?
- Yeah. 'Cuz we rigged
THAT Pear Pad to signal us
if someone tried
to hack us again.
- Which you just did.
Unless it was
your girlfriend who did it.
- I don't have a girlfriend.
- Heh, well dude
we gotta fix that.
- All right,
quit flirting with him!
He's a bad person.
- Look...
I'm not a bad person, okay?
I never wanted to...
I never wanted to hurt an...
I didn't wanna do it!
- Okay, what are you
talking about?
- Hey easy easy,
can't you see he's upset?
It's okay buddy,
what's your name?
- Jake.
- Okay, Jake.
His name's Jake.
Just talk to me, Jake,
it'll be okay.
- Wow. Watching guys cry
makes me sick.
I'm gonna get some salad.
- My dad made me do it.
- Your dad?
- Yeah. He's the president
of Bodacious Games.
- Bodacious Games?
- One of our competitors.
- I know.
Oh my God.
So your dad sent
you here to hack us?
- Yeah. Cuz...
you Game Shakers...
your games
have been crushin' it.
Like, super popular.
And my dad's company hasn't
been doin' too good lately.
- So, he made you sabotage us,
by locking us out
of our new game?
- Yeah.
I'm so ashamed!
- Okay, well why don't you
stop crying like a ballerina,
and just give us the code
so we can access our game.
- I can't!
Only my dad has the code.
- Well, okay...
- Just take your phone here...
call your dad...
and tell him to come here
to Game Shakers...
'kay cute thing?
- Okay. I'll call him.
- Good.
- What are you doin'?
- Oh, one sec, I'm just adding
my contact info to your phone.
Just real quick...
- Eh, but but...
- Shh... It's okay.
- There.
- Now you're tied up.
- Yeah. And now...
- Just makin' sure
he doesn't get away.
- But we tied him up.
- He can't get away.
- Okay, will you
guys just let me
participate the way
I wanna participate?
- All right...
- Daddy!
- Jake?!?
Hey... why is
my kid tied up?
- Uh...'Cuz we caught
your hot son here
uploading a virus to our server.
- Awww, now...
why would my kid wanna do
somethin' like that?
- It's over, Dad!
I told 'em!
I told 'em that your
game company isn't doin' good,
and that's why you made me
hack the Game Shakers!
Ahhhh!
- Why'd you tell 'em that?!?
- They-they had a scary stick!
- Now, we want the code.
- Well, I don't know nothin'
'bout no codes.
- Oh, is that so?
- What's up!?!
- Hiyoooo!!!
- Double G?
- Yeah, I thought you
might know who I am.
Now, my business
partners here tell me
that you sabotaged Game Shakers.
- It's true!
It happened in our restroom!
And his son still owes me
for half a salad.
- Yeah! And now we can't
access our new game
unless he gives us the code.
- Oh don't worry about that...
He's gonna give us the code.
- And if I don't,
what are you gonna do?
Torture me?
By making me listen
to your new album?
- Ohhhhh!!!!!
- Awww shoooot.
- Bang!
- Oooohhh!
- Boom goes the dynamite!
- Uh... Look dawg.
My dad already roughed
up a rabbi today
so if I were you
I'd watch my mouth.
- Hey Dub!
I bet you he'll give us the code
if we take him for a ride
in your helicopter.
- Helicopter?
- Noooooo!!!
Noooo, please!!!
Don't push me
outta this helicopter!!!
- Ahahahahah!!!
- Hey Dub!
We're about 10,000 feet high!
- Yep! I think it's
time to push this jerk
outta the helicopter!
- No no no no, please please!
- Well then...
We're gonna need that code.
- You better tell us the code!
- Hey! How do you guys
want your hamburgers cooked?
- Shhhh...
- What's the code?!?
- Um... are you sure this isn't
a little too crazy?
- Nah. When I was little,
this is how my dad tricked me
into eatin' my vegetables.
- This buttchump doesn't
wanna give us the code,
then push him
outta the helicopter!
- Okay Dub!
- You got it!
- 8 6 7 5 3 0 9!
That's the code!
8 6 7 5 3 0 9
- Got it!
- Now please land
this helicopter!
- All right, sure thing.
But first...
How'd you like my new album?
- Uh, your new album
is the best album
in the whole wide world!
- Awww, that's very sweet
of you to say.
Now push 'em out!
- Bye bye!!!
- Geronimo!
- I wasn't even in a helicopter?
- Nope!
- Stupid!
- Well, now that you
got the code, now what?
- I'll just call Babe,
have her put in the code...
and make sure
we're back in action!
- So yeah, it's really cool
running my own business.
But, y'know, one day
I'd love to do some traveling...
you know maybe to Japan,
or France.
Do you like to travel...
with me?
- Just... please let me go.
- Shhhhh.
Eat your corn.
Mmm.
Captioning performed by
Teleperformance Rapidtext.